README

This set of disks contains an electronic text of James Joyce's
Finnegans Wake.  It is provided free of charge (except for cost of
mailing and disks).  It is available in both WP 5.1, with many of
the graphics and typographic effects included, and in ASCII text
without these features.  The text was prepared by scanning the
Second Edition of the Wake (Faber, 1950).  The scanned text was
checked against a speller, created from a word count list provided 
by Mark Olsen of the University of Chicago, based on scanning Clive
Hart's Concordance. (WP 5.1 accepted this speller as the language
"Icelandic" -- IS!)  Errata to the Second Edition were consulted
and corrections incorporated  into the text.  

The text was commercially scanned, then edited and proofread
by Joan Benedict Theall and Donald Theall, assisted by Ray Fritz-
N&eacute;meth.  The funding that enabled the preparation of this text was
provided by the Social Science and Humanities Research Council of
Canada and by Trent University.  While every effort has been made
to guarantee the accuracy of the text, there will be some errors in
the first rendition of such a complex text.  Therefore, we cannot
assume responsiblity for its absolute accuracy.

Since we are interested in developing the most accurate
electronic text possible, we would appreciate those using the e-
text materials to notify us of errors.  We will incorporate the
corrections and periodically contact those who have copies of the
text.  If there are a sizeable number of corrections, a new text
will be made available later.

Please send corrections and comments either by e-mail,
Internet: DTHEALL@TRENTU.CA or by regular mail to Prof. D. Theall,
1604 Champlain Drive, Peterborough, Ontario, CANADA K9L 1N6. 
(Phone: (705)-741-0600).  If you find it of value, please let us
know, so that we can inform the University and the Council.
This material may be passed on to others for their personal
use, but we would appreciate being informed that you have done so. 
If you do pass it on to others, please include this README file
with the text.    

In the not too distant future this text will probably be
available by FTP.  I will post any information concerning this on
the FWAKE-L and on JJL, when it is relevant.  "Lots of fun at
Finnegans Wake!" 

Donald F. Theall

